# Code structure

Everything in TinyWatchy is contained within `src` directory. Resources are inside `resources/` directory.

## Core components

Core components are in Main directory of `src`. These classes are not meant to be customized other than instantiating watchface and menu option classes. 

- `main.cpp`: Very basic file used to jump to the OOP world.
- `TinyWatchy.(cpp/h)`: Main class of TinyWatchy. It's the hub that controls everything. It's purpose is to instantiate all other classes and serve as a interface between hardware and the features.
- `NTP.(cpp/h)`: NTP management class, used to synchronize with NTP and nothing else.
- `Menu.(cpp/h)`: Menu class, used to control menu options, position of the menu and button control.
- `Screen.(cpp/h)`: Screen class used to control watchfaces and what is displayed.
- `ScreenInfo.h`: Struct containing all the information that watchfaces have to display. Updated in `TinyWatchy.cpp`.
- `WiFiHelper.h`: Helper used to connect to WiFi.
- `defines.h`: Static watchy defines.
- `defines_private.h`: Defines that are private to the user like wifi password and login. They're in `.gitignore` so won't be added to the repo.
- `DateTime.h`: Struct that matches `tmElements_t` but instead has normal code style.
- `buttons.h`: Simple enum listing buttons.
- `resources.h`: Autogenerated file storing resources
- `Watchy/`: Left-overs from original watchy firmware. Currently only icons, display class and accelerometer driver are in use.

## Customizable components

These components are meant to be customized by user in case they want to add watchface or new feature.

- `Faces/`: To learn how to add watchface go [here](Adding_watchface.md)
- `MenuOptions/`: Features are called options. To learn how to add options go [here](Adding_option.md)
